First of all, we're going to be building our own point processor.
In the previous lesson,
we're looking at the code for the point processor.cpp.
Now, we're actually going to instantiate that and start filling in some of its functions.
So to do this exercise,
basically, we're just going to start by creating a point processor.
You might remember that we're working with
environment.cpp and we're filling in some objects there.
For example, we created a lidar last time,
we're scanning with that lidar and we've
created some point clouds and we're visualizing those.
Now, we're actually going to create
a point processor object right
below where we were doing the previous work for creating a lidar.
After we create that point processor,
we'll then look at filling in some of its functions.
The functions that the point processor has just to remind you is doing some filtering,
segmentation that we're working on in this lesson,
later on clustering, and it also has capabilities for loading and saving PCD files.
The point processor also uses templates because we had different point cloud types.
So in this simulation environment,
we're working with point XYZ.
So for this exercise,
basically what I want you to do,
is an environment.cpp, there's a to-do to create
a point processor and you can instantiate it in two ways.
You can instantiate it on the heap or on the stack,
really up to you.
If you look at point processor,
process point clouds.cpp, you can see that it's a class.
You can also look at different ways for instantiating it.
So for this exercise here, basically,
create a point processor and make sure that you can compile and run the simulator.